One of the biggest bottlenecks in your
app's performance is your database. And
there is a lot of ways it can slow down.
So when you ask AI, optimize this
database query, it could literally mean
a million things. More secure, faster,
easier to read. So here's a prompt you
can use in Warp that will analyze your
query in every regard. Now, this is a
very long prompt, but we will save you a
ton of time. It will go through your
entire codebase and find all areas where
SQL is being used. We ask Warp to use
SQL's built-in explain methods to get
performance from the source. We then go
through common scenarios that cause
slowdowns like N plus1's, missing
indexes, etc. Now, I added a priority
matrix that will showcase all of the
optimizations Wart found and graph it
based on impact, risk, and effort. A
database is the heart of your entire web
stack. So, don't skip out on this
helpful prompt.